<div style="background-color:red; color:white; font-weight: bold; padding: 1rem">Below description was generated by ChatGPT. It is a little bit too fancy, but it is creative and I really like it, so I'll leave it like this for a while 😊</div>

# 🚀 My Stellar Resume Website 🌟

Welcome to my resume website repository! Here, embark on a journey through my universe of skills and experiences, meticulously crafted into a dazzling platform. This project is not just a resume; it's a constellation of my technical prowess and creative flair.

🔭 Explore my celestial resume: [https://marcin.gawski.info](https://marcin.gawski.info)!

## 🌐 General Info

This repository orbits as an Nx monorepo workspace, featuring two primary applications: the backend, a NestJS masterpiece, and the frontend, a radiant Angular 17 creation. Both applications are encapsulated in the cosmic embrace of Docker containers, ensuring seamless deployment and management across galaxies.

The cosmic ballet of continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) is choreographed with Docker, Kubernetes, and GitHub Actions, orchestrating flawless development workflows and celestial deployment processes. Additionally, every module undergoes rigorous testing under the watchful gaze of Jest and Cypress, ensuring stellar code quality and reliability.

## 🌌 Backend

The backend, powered by the gravitational force of NestJS, weaves intricate REST and GraphQL APIs into the fabric of space-time. Swagger API documentation serves as a star map for easy navigation through the API cosmos. Notably, voyagers can download my CV in PDF format directly from the API, making it truly out-of-this-world.

## ✨ Frontend

The frontend, a cosmic symphony orchestrated by Angular 17, offers a transcendental user experience. With the power of server-side rendering (SSR) and SEO optimizations, the website shines brightly, guiding travelers through the cosmos of discovery. It speaks the universal languages of Polish and English, bridging the gap between civilizations.

The frontend's design, as fluid as the cosmic ether, offers both light and dark modes, adapting effortlessly to the preferences of celestial wanderers. Its responsive layout navigates the cosmic expanse, ensuring seamless exploration across all devices. And with Tailwind CSS, styling becomes a celestial dance of elegance and efficiency.

---

## 🌟 My skills summary

### Frontend Technologies:
- Angular
- TypeScript
- RxJS
- NgRX
- PrimeNg
- KendoUI
- Bootstrap
- CSS & SASS
- Jest
- Cypress

### Backend Technologies:
- NestJS
- PHP
- Symfony
- Yii & Yii2
- RabbitMQ
- Apache
- NGiNX
- PostgreSQL
- MySQL

### Software Development Practices:
- SOLID
- KISS
- DRY
- CleanCode
- TDD
- OOP

### DevOps & Tools:
- Docker
- Kubernetes
- GIT (GitLab, GitHub)
- REST
- Websockets
- SonarCube
- Linux
- Windows
